I did a bit change on the X_A and Y_A in eq 10 and eq 11 to make it more
consistent with eq 13 and eq 14.


Here is a few other changes I made:

1. In section 3.1, we mentioned:

"For the multi-dimensional scheme, fixed value boundary conditions of φ
= 0 are used where the velocity...".

All my results are generated by bi-periodic boundary, as the velocity
field is divergence-free under periodic boundary.

2. Also in section 3.1：

“The error norms are calculated at t=500 s , when the tracer has made
5/6  of one revolution, in order to avoid error cancellation, which
otherwise occurs for the dimensionally split scheme"

The error cancellation was due to a wrong implementation, which doesn't
occur again. So I simply delete the sentence from "in order to ....".

And a few queries on some definitions:

1. The title of section 2.1 is "The Dimensionally Split FFSL Scheme"。 I
notice that we use FFSL to denote the large Courant number extension for
finite volume schemes. However, in many meteorological literature I
read, I find people usually refer FFSL to the specific scheme in LR96,
which is equivalent to COSMIC splitting, as shown in the title of that
paper.  So I suggest the notion of Eulerian-type cell-integrated
semi-Lagrangian scheme (CISL) from Lauritzen (2007):

Lauritzen, P. H. (2007). A Stability Analysis of Finite-Volume Advection
Schemes Permitting Long Time Steps. Monthly Weather Review, 135(7),
2658–2673. http://doi.org/10.1175/MWR3425.1

Such that we may avoid certain misunderstandings.

2. In the introduction section, you wrote:

> Inherent conservation and accurate long time steps can be achieved
> without significant cost by using the flux form semi-Lagrangian (FFSL
> or forward in time) technique [eg. Smolarkiewicz, 1982, Colella and
> Woodward, 1984] which integrates the dependent variable over a swept
> distance upstream of every face in order to calculate fluxes in and
> out of cells. This is done without remapping which can be an expensive
> procedure, finding a conservative map between fields on overlapping
> meshes.
I think S82 proposed a 2D stable scheme but didn't mention long time
steps, whereas I got the idea by

B.P. Leonard, A.P. Lock, M.K. Macvean, (1995),"The nirvana scheme
applied to one-dimensional advection", International Journal of
Numerical Methods for Heat & Fluid Flow, Vol. 5 Iss 4 pp. 341 - 377

Recently, I also have a sense that the relatively cheaper scheme is done
not only because the remapping procedure but is also benefited from the
use of cumulative mass (see eq 15 in above LLM95 paper).

