I like the subject matter, and we are certainly in need of new ways of gaining efficiency for transport algorithms and for full dynamics for that matter. I think dimensionally split semi-Lagrangian schemes could be very competitive, but I have concerns about their accuracy on the cubed-sphere (as do the authors). I like the ingenuity of the test cases as well. I have three major concerns regarding the manuscript though. I have annotated these and other concerns directly to the PDF document, which is attached to this review. I think the content is important and needed and that the manuscript should be published, but subject to what I think amount to major revisions.

(1) This is the most minor, but there is a study for semi-Lagrangian dimensionally split transport on the cubed-sphere that needs to be considered and discussed: <http://journals.ametsoc.org/doi/abs/10.1175/MWR-D-13-00048.1>. Additionally, Katta et al was cited as a dimensionally split scheme, but it is not. The reconstruction is performed in dimensional sweeps, but the scheme itself is multi-dimensional.

(2) It is stated that results in this 2-D framework will generalize well to the cubed-sphere, but I believe that in order to truly make that statement, one would have to implement a given scheme on both meshes and then compare. My experience on the cubed-sphere mesh is that it.

(3) Most importantly, to say the newly proposed dimensionally split scheme is accurate compared to multi-dimensional schemes, I believe a better comparison point is needed. Users select the scheme that gives the best results with the fewest resources. I believe the authors need to include a time-explicit semi-discrete (method of lines) multi-dimensional scheme with cubic interpolants using smaller time steps to serve as a comparison point for this scheme. I know the focus is on large time steps, but it's necessary to consider if one can, in fact, get more accuracy for a given amount of work by simply using the status quo with smaller time steps. 

